docs(python): Update Python main quick start guide (#18365)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/index.mdx

    # see https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/configuration/options/#profile_session_sample_rate for more info
    profile_session_sample_rate=1.0,

    # Profiles will be automatically collected while
    # there is an active span.
    # see https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/configuration/options/#profile_lifecycle for more info
    profile_lifecycle="trace",
    # ___PRODUCT_OPTION_END___ profiling
    # ___PRODUCT_OPTION_START___ logs

    # Enable logs to be sent to Sentry
    # see https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/configuration/options/#enable_logs for more info
    enable_logs=True,
    # ___PRODUCT_OPTION_END___ logs
)
```

</SplitSectionCode>
</SplitSection>
</SplitLayout>

<OnboardingOption optionId="profiling">

<Alert level="warning" title="Continuous profiling vs transaction-based profiling">

With the configuration above, you enable continuous profiling. However, the SDK also supports transaction-based profiling via the `profiles_sample_rate` option. These profiling mode options have similar names, so make sure you're using the right one for your chosen mode.
See <PlatformLink to="/profiling/">Profiling</PlatformLink> to learn more.

> </Alert>

Reviewer: I'd leave this out altogether since we'll be deprecating transaction-based profiling and dropping it in the next major. So for folks setting up the SDK for the first time, which is the target audience here, I'd just recommend to set up continuous profiling.

On the profiling page, we should absolutely talk about the distinction and the confusing options (I believe we already do).

asyncio.run(main())
```

</SplitSectionCode>
</SplitSection>
</SplitLayout>

<OnboardingOption optionId="performance">
### Instrumenting Your App

> The Sentry SDK automatically detects your installed packages and enables matching integrations, so operations like HTTP requests or database queries made with supported libraries will be captured as spans automatically.

Reviewer: Most integrations will auto enable but there's still a handful that need to be enabled manually -- the current wording makes it sound like all are auto-enabling.

Maybe something like this? Or a bigger rewording would make sense here?

```suggestion
The Sentry SDK automatically detects your installed packages and enables matching integrations for the most popular frameworks and libraries, so operations like HTTP requests or database queries made with supported libraries will be captured as spans automatically.
```

Author: Updated the section -- hope that's better

</Alert>

### Issues

<SplitLayout>
<SplitSection>
<SplitSectionText>

To verify that Sentry captures errors and creates issues in your Sentry project, add this intentional error to your application:

</SplitSectionText>
<SplitSectionCode>

```py
import sentry_sdk

division_by_zero = 1 / 0
```

</SplitSectionCode>
</SplitSection>
</SplitLayout>

<OnboardingOption optionId="performance">

### Tracing

<SplitLayout>
<SplitSection>
<SplitSectionText>

To test your tracing configuration, create a custom transaction and span:

</SplitSectionText>
<SplitSectionCode>

```py
import sentry_sdk

with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(op="task", name="Transaction Name"):
    span = sentry_sdk.start_span(name="Custom Span Name")
    span.finish()
```

</SplitSectionCode>
</SplitSection>
</SplitLayout>

</OnboardingOption>

<OnboardingOption optionId="logs">

### Logs

<SplitLayout>
<SplitSection>
<SplitSectionText>

To verify that Sentry catches your logs, add some log statements to your application:

</SplitSectionText>
<SplitSectionCode>

```py
import sentry_sdk

sentry_sdk.logger.info('This is an info log message')
sentry_sdk.logger.warning('This is a warning message')

> sentry_sdk.logger.error('This is an error message')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sentry_sdk.logger.info("This is an info log message")
sentry_sdk.logger.warning("This is a warning message")
sentry_sdk.logger.error("This is an error message")
```

No functional change; just to keep the quotes consistent on the page
